Fish die and net break
Exactly.
Our four major gangs unite
Even if you want to move, we have to weigh it
Tiger, don't forget to hum
Since the Black Emperor retired
After the break 2
Heaven and Earth Alliance leaderless
Caught in a group of three kings
Yes, Lord Tiger, although you are expensive as the Iron Claw Tiger King
It's just one of the three kings.
The Heaven and Earth Alliance can only mobilize part of it
Among the other two kings
Leopard Wang Zhi in Jinshang
That Xuanjia Dragon King is ambitious
It is necessary to restart the Alliance Leader Conference
Aiming to win the new position of alliance leader
Tiger Lord, you really want to do it for this person
Fighting with our four major gangs
Don't take yourself too seriously
Just you four trash
turn around
So what?
Then we'll do it the other way around today.
Master Wu, I will give you one last chance
Hand over this person
Turn the page tonight
Absolutely impossible
Hahahaha
Ok ok ok
Then our four major flips will be reversed today.
What do the brothers say?
The four major gangs are red
Loss for all
All Prosperity
Fifth Master
Then
I was drunk.
I, Jiang Zhen, have been the president of the White Tiger Association for so long
Today your position as Iron Claw Tiger King
I should sit
My name Iron Claw Tiger King was bestowed by the Black Emperor back then
Just by you
Also match Wang Xiaohu
Stop talking nonsense with them
Let me see if you've made any progress over the years
It's big brother
Destroy all four gangs
Destroy now
Why do you make us negative?
All the halls of our four major gangs combined
There are tens of thousands of brothers
You, Wang Xiaohu, are just one of the three kings
Why do you make us negative?
You, the strength of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Know nothing
President, our white tiger will be suddenly attacked
heavy casualties
Please come and support the president.
The White Tiger Club is over
What!
Our high school is over
Green Dragon Society 3,200 brothers
Not a single one.
The Blue Dragon Society is over